now I hope you can see that if not we're
going to be reviewing the magical quest
starring mickey mouse for the super
nintendo entertainment system now I have
to warn you i only started playing this
game a few days ago so i can only hope
so don't make a fool of myself to top it
off i'm going to be playing this with
one hand let me see if I can't okay
right there one of the things I did not
like about this game was the lack of the
ability to be able to save
Mickey and his friends are playing catch
in the park here comes the pitch Mickey
ouch watch out Pluto stop going Ricky
Collins luta for you worried who's
worried if goofy says he'll find puto &
goo field definitely he'll probably Oh
Pluto here Pluto sorry pal
and thus begins the story here we are at
the world map now one of the things I
can't remember if I said this already so
I'm going to say it again in case I
didn't I don't like the ability how you
can the lack of ability to save in this
game I just don't treetops oh great
sorry about the lines let me see if I
can't fix this a little bit okay no this
is weird okay okay right there let's see
if I keep it right there maybe that'll
like I said I'm playing this with only
one hand
so
but you get the idea this is a really
great side scroller this is by Capcom
who did a major gig with Disney you know
way back in the day this is 1991 and I
just think they did a fantastic job with
this in terms of not being able to save
well this is kind of like mario 3 was
back in the day with the nes you know
you didn't have the ability to say but
that didn't make the keep it from being
a great game although i do think that if
they were to ever recreate this you
would have the ability to save hiya I'm
looking for my dog crudo and oops i
meant to continue that but anyway all he
says is you know he's been kidnapped by
Pete and well you shouldn't go looking
for so of course Mickey knowing that he
would never abandon his friends would go
ahead and look for me is is going to go
ahead and look for him oops area
huh
for one hand I think this is not all
that bad now these blocks are very
important let's see if I can grab hold
of them there we go because of the coins
there the Mickey coins
and then through this door you have
stuff what sort of stuff I'll show you
if I can get if we can get this come on
Mickey some of you are thinking you know
why don't I get a new TV well this TV
has been in my family for 20 years and
all it's used for is for playing video
games and this thing weighs I don't know
how how much of ways but it's very very
heavy come on Nikki there we go like I
said I'm playing this with one hand this
is not easy to play with one hand turn
again I don't think anything is not good
heart
the beauty of the thing I like about
this is how time stops these birds are
interesting all you do is you take them
you toss them up they fly away and they
leave just one coin cheapos ruin you
have to watch out for those clouds they
disappear if you were to pull on this
box with the chain on it you would end
up releasing cherries apples excuse me I
don't know what they do anyway you get
the idea here we go on through there's
one of Pete's minions ouch and of course
we want to beware of the clubs and the
spikes and those are thorns and what
well you get the idea i'm not about to
go through this again it would start
over from the beginning but this is a
really nice game it's just I love it
it's fantastic if you don't have it get
it you know if you don't if it's
available in the we store get it I just
think it's fantastic thus concludes the
review and I apologize for the wavy
lines will try and get that fixed soon
thank you for watching and have a nice
evening